Fix minor typos and add to axios section (#52)
dobromir-hristov/vuecommunity: docs/guide/ecosystem/client-server-communication.md

Axios is a famous library for performing async requests. It has a very nice and easy to use API, supports Promises, more advanced features like interceptors, generating Axios instances, adding external plugins and more.

You can directly import Axios from NPM and use it in your components, without the need to install a dedicated plugin.

However another pattern you are more likely to implement is to write a "client" where you create an Axios instance. Not only does this increase testability of your application, but it also allows you to centralise HTTP settings (Base URL and port for instance).

> Furthermore, it decouples your components from the internals of HTTP operations and REST APIs.

Reviewer: Great addition. I would also add it makes testing easier as it allows for stubbing.

You can directly import Axios from NPM and use it in your components, without the need to install a dedicated plugin.

> However another pattern you are more likely to implement is to write a "client" where you create an Axios instance. Not only does this increase testability of your application through the use of mocking/stubbing, but it also allows you to centralise HTTP settings (Base URL and port for instance).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However another pattern you are more likely to implement is to write a "client" or a "service" where you create an Axios instance and use that instead of just importing axios everywhere. 
Not only does this make your application easier to test, through the use of mocking/stubbing, but it also allows you to centralise HTTP settings (Base URL and port for instance).
```

::: tip
 This part of the page needs a bit of love. If you can, please contribute by adding the missing info.
:::
- What is GraphQL
- When does it make sense to use it
- Links to tutorials

### Vue Apollo

> - What is Apollo

Reviewer: This is meant for someone to add content to hehe. I am looking for volunteers :)
